dx-99/100/101 added some descriptions (#169)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: resources/terminology.md

| **Verify**                      | The payment operation that initiates a [verification][verify-url] payment process. It is a payment that lets you post verifications to confirm the validity of card information, without reserving or charging any amount. This option is used to generate a payment- or recurrence token, that can be used in a recurring payments scenarios or for one-clickpayments, without charging the card in the process.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | **3D Secure 2.0 (3DS2)**        | The new authentication protocol for online card payments. The protocol is XML-based and designed to be an additional security layer for online credit and debit card transactions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **3-D Secure 2.0 (3DS2)**        | The new authentication protocol for online card payments. The protocol is XML-based and designed to be an additional security layer for online credit and debit card transactions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

| **PSD2**                        | PSD2 is the second Payment Services Directive, being the requirement for strong customer authentication. It is performed with multi-factor authentication, on the majority of electronic payments.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> | **SCA**                         | Strong customer authentication, which is a requirement from EU Revised Directive on Payment Services (PSD2). This implements the multi-factor authentication, for stronger security of electronic payments.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **SCA**                         | Strong Customer Authentication, which is a requirement from EU Revised Directive on Payment Services (PSD2). This implements the multi-factor authentication, for stronger security of electronic payments.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
